#programming
http://feeds.feedburner.com/antirez programming redis
http://antirez.com/rss redis
http://danluu.com/atom.xml programming
https://martinfowler.com/feed.atom programming
http://yoshinorimatsunobu.blogspot.se/feeds/posts/default fs
http://blog.llvm.org/feeds/posts/default programming
http://mechanical-sympathy.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default concurrency
http://duartes.org/gustavo/blog/feed programming
http://brooker.co.za/blog/atom.xml programming
http://codecapsule.com/feed programming
http://fgiesen.wordpress.com/feed/ programming
https://blog.cloudflare.com/rss programming
http://www.playingwithpointers.com/feed.xml programming
http://nullprogram.com/feed c++
https://ericchiang.github.io/index.xml programming
http://www.parsonsmatt.org/feed programming
http://www.fluentcpp.com/feed c++
https://arne-mertz.de/feed c++
https://randomascii.wordpress.com/feed c++
https://blog.galowicz.de/feed c++
http://jackieokay.com/feed.xml c++
